DOCS-10287-PM_AddCertificateKeystore_ESB (#116)
mulesoft/docs-partner-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/create-keystore.adoc

= AS2 Host Keystore

> 

Reviewer: Consider a snippet of transition text here, maybe just to tell what the AS2 host keystore is, when you want or need to interact with it, and what subtopics are included in this topic?

Reviewer: I sort of wish the title of the topic set were Create an AS2 Host Keystore, to emphasize the user task and goal.

Author: changed to create - moved section above settings to the top

> = Mulesoft Keystore for Endpoints

Reviewer 2: Please change to "Host organization Keystore for AS2 endpoints"

Author: Does "AS2 Host Keystore" work?

== Keystore Settings

> Using the Mulesoft Keystore, the host xref:Certificates.adoc [certificates] and private key can be stored and reused for endpoint generation.

Reviewer 2: Please rephrase this as:
You can create a new keystore for the Host organization when configuring AS2 receive and send endpoints, and reuse it in new endpoint configurations by selecting an existing keystore configuration.

> You can create a new keystore for the host when configuring AS2 receive and send endpoints. After creating the keystore, you can reuse it in new endpoint configurations.

Reviewer: Think about focusing on imperative (active) verbs rather than gerunds:
```suggestion
You can create a new keystore for the host when you configure AS2 receive and send endpoints. After you create the keystore, you can reuse it in new endpoint configurations.
```
Think about this GLOBALLY when writing narrative, especially in a topic set that is or includes a user task.

[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
|Setting |Description |Required
|Keystore name

> |The unique name for the keystore. The value in this field is automatically generated but can be modified.

Reviewer: "The unique name for the keystore" raised a question for me about whether the preposition should be "for" or "of." In look this up, I was reminded of the handy Google Ngram Viewer, which provides stats about which term uses are most common: in this case, "name of."

https://books.google.com/ngrams/graph?content=name+of%2Cname+for&year_start=1800&year_end=2019&corpus=26&smoothing=3&direct_url=t1%3B%2Cname%20of%3B%2Cc0%3B.t1%3B%2Cname%20for%3B%2Cc0

Reviewer: preposition, passive voice
```suggestion
|The unique name of the keystore. The value in this field is automatically generated, but you can modify it.
```

|Yes

|<Host> public certificate

> |The digital certificate for your organization. This certificate is based on the RSA algorithm for the AS2 transport protocol.

Reviewer: certificate of

Author: done

|Yes

|<Host> private key file
|The private key.
|Yes

|Key passphrase

> |The passphrase for your private key.

Reviewer: In this case, the Ngram viewer shows "for" as the most common.

Author: Left alone!

|Yes
|===

> == Create a Keystore

Reviewer: Consider transition snippet.
Most of our documentation does not proceed from title to first step directly. This is not to say that one is better than the other, just that the transition has been our style. I will raise this with Mysti and see what she thinks, as our library architect.

Author: Done

> . In the left navigation menu, select the host.

Reviewer: We might start omitting terms like "left" due to accessibility issues. I am wondering how we can do this, if items in the UI are not labeled. Just a heads up. Plus...you and I are working on this per our team V2MOM '22.

Author: Done

> . In the *Endpoints* section, click *New*. +
> The *New Endpoint* window appears.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the *Endpoints* section, click *New*. +
+
The *New Endpoint* window appears.
```

Reviewer: ...but do we have to describe what the person performing the task can readily see?

. In the *New Endpoint* window, select values in the *Usage* and *Protocol* fields according to the type of endpoint using the keystore.
. In the *<host> keystore* section, click *Select*. +

> The *Select a <host> keystore* window appears.

Reviewer: ditto re. format and necessity

Author: Done

. Click *New*.
. In the *New keystore for <host>* window:
.. In the *Keystore name* field, enter a unique name for the keystore.
.. In the *<host> public certificate* field, click *Choose file*, navigate to your public certificate, and then click *Open*.
.. In the *<host> private key file* field, click *Choose file*, navigate to your private key file, and then click *Open*.
.. In the *Key passphrase* field, enter a passphrase for your private key.

> . Click *Upload keystore*. +
> The newly created keystore appears in the *Select a <host> keystore* window and the keystore is saved. You can either continue to xref:create-endpoint.adoc[create an endpoint] or you can close the window.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click *Upload keystore*. +
+
The newly created keystore appears in the *Select a <host> keystore* window and the keystore is saved. You can either continue to xref:create-endpoint.adoc[create an endpoint] or you can close the window.
```

= Create AS2 Host Keystore
You can create a new keystore for the host when you configure AS2 receive and send endpoints. After you create the keystore, you can reuse it in new endpoint configurations.

== Keystore Settings

> Use these to set up AS2 host keystore settings for AS2 receive and send endpoints.

Reviewer: Use these to set up AS2... or just Use these AS2?
"Use these to set up settings" sounds odd:
```suggestion
Use these AS2 host keystore settings for AS2 receive and send endpoints:
```

[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
|Setting |Description |Required
|Keystore name
|The unique name of the keystore. The value in this field is automatically generated, which you can subsequently modify manually.
|Yes

|<Host> public certificate
|The digital certificate of your organization. This certificate is based on the RSA algorithm for the AS2 transport protocol.
|Yes

|<Host> private key file
|The private key.
|Yes

|Key passphrase
|The passphrase for your private key.
|Yes
|===

== Create a Keystore

> You can create and reuse an AS2 host keystore for use in subsequent new endpoint configurations.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To create an AS2 host keystore that you can reuse in subsequent new endpoint configurations:
```

> You can create and reuse a AS2 host keystore for use in subsequent new endpoint configurations.

Reviewer: a AS2 > an AS2

Author: Done

. In the navigation menu, select the host.

> . In the *Endpoints* section, click *New*. +

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
. In the *Endpoints* section, click *New*. 
```

+
The *New Endpoint* window appears.
. In the *New Endpoint* window, select values in the *Usage* and *Protocol* fields according to the type of endpoint using the keystore.

> . In the *<host> keystore* section, click *Select*. +

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
. In the *<host> keystore* section, click *Select*. 
```

. In the *Select a <host> keystore* window, click *New*.

> . In the *New keystore for <host>* window:

Reviewer: "In...In" sounds odd to me; what do you think about...:
```suggestion
. Complete the fields of the *New keystore for <host>* window:
```

> ** In the *Keystore name* field, enter a unique name for the keystore.

Reviewer 3: These look like substeps so should be ordered.  So .. rather than **

Reviewer 3: Although, I think you intentionally changed them to unordered... ?

** In the *<host> public certificate* field, click *Choose file*, navigate to your public certificate, and then click *Open*.
** In the *<host> private key file* field, click *Choose file*, navigate to your private key file, and then click *Open*.
** In the *Key passphrase* field, enter a passphrase for your private key.

> . Click *Upload keystore*. +

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
. Click *Upload keystore*. 
```

Reviewer 3: You don't need the + at the end of the line if it's one line. That plus will get rendered in output.
